Redo account request pages (#52)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/overview/account_setup/ap7-access.md

  path: overview/account_setup/ap7-access.md
---

# Join and Log In to "OSG Manage" Access Points

**This guide is for users who were notified by a member of the OSG team that they 
will be using the "OSG Manage" Access Points. Do not go through the steps of this 
guide until advised to by a Research Computing Facilitator**

To join and use the "OSG Manage" Access Points (`ap40.uw.osg-htc.org`), you will go through the following steps: 

1. Apply for an OSG Manage Access Point account 
2. Have your account approved by an OSG Team member

> 3. Log in to `ap7.ospool.osg-htc.org`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Log in to `ap40.uw.osg-htc.org`
```

## Request Access to "OSG Manage" Access Points

> To request access to `ap7.ospool.osg-htc.org`, submit an application using the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request access to `ap40.uw.osg-htc.org`, submit an application using the following steps:
```

## Account Approval by a Research Computing Facilitator

If a meeting has not already been scheduled with a Research Computing Facilitator, one of the facilitation team will contact you about arranging a short consultation. 

> Following the meeting, the Facilitator will approve your account and add your profile to any relevant OSG ‘project’ names. Once your account is ready, the Facilitator will email you with your account details including the 'username' you will use to log in to the `ap7.ospool.osg-htc.org` access point. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the meeting, the Facilitator will approve your account and add your profile to any relevant OSG ‘project’ names. Once your account is ready, the Facilitator will email you with your account details including the 'username' you will use to log in to the `ap40.uw.osg-htc.org` access point. 
```

## Log in

> Once your account has been added to the `ap7.ospool.osg-htc.org` access point, you will be able to log in using a terminal or SSH program. Logging in requires authenticating your credientials using one of two options: __web authentication__ or __SSH key pair authentication__. Additional information on this process will be provided during and/or following your discussion with a Research Computing Facilitator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your account has been added to the `ap40.uw.osg-htc.org` access point, you will be able to log in using a terminal or SSH program. Logging in requires authenticating your credientials using one of two options: __web authentication__ or __SSH key pair authentication__. Additional information on this process will be provided during and/or following your discussion with a Research Computing Facilitator.
```

> It is also possible to authenticate using an SSH key pair, if you prefer. Logging in using SSH keys does not require access to an internet browser to log in into the OSG Access Point, `ap7.ospool.osg-htc.org`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to authenticate using an SSH key pair, if you prefer. Logging in using SSH keys does not require access to an internet browser to log in into the OSG Access Point, `ap40.uw.osg-htc.org`. 
```
